gitadora@asphyxia/README.md, before:

GITADORA Plugin for Asphyxia-Core
=================================
![Version: v1.2.3](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-v1.2.3-blue)

This plugin is based on converted from public-exported Asphyxia's Routes.

Supported Versions
==================
 - Matixx
 - Exchain
 - NEX+AGE


When Plugin Doesn't work correctly / Startup Error on Plugin
------------------------------------------------------------
The folder structure between v1.0 and v1.1 is quite different. Do not overwrite plugin folder.
<br>If you encounter errors, Please try these steps:

1. Remove `gitadora@asphyxia` folder.
2. Ctrl-C and Ctrl-V the newest version of `gitadora@asphyxia`
3. (Custom MDB Users) Reupload MDB or move `data/custom_mdb.xml` to `data/mdb/custom.xml`


Known Issues
============
 * ~Information dialog keep showing as plugin doesn't store item data currently.~ (Fixed as of version 1.2.1)
 * Special Premium Encore on Nextage
   - Bandage solution is implemented. Try it.
 * Friends and Rivals are unimplemented.

Release Notes
=============

v1.2.3
----------------
 * Fixed bug preventing MDB files in XML format from loading (Thanks to DualEdge for reporting this ).

v1.2.2
----------------
* Major improvements to the MDB (song data) loader. MDB files can now be in .json, .xml or .b64 format. This applies to both the per-version defaults and custom MDBs. To use a custom MDB, enable it in the web UI, and place a 'custom.xml', 'custom.json' or 'custom.b64' file in the data/mdb subfolder.
* Added several player profile stats to the web UI.
* MDB loader now logs the number of loaded songs available to GF and DM when in dev mode.
* MDB: Fixed "is_secret" field being ignored (always set to false)

v1.2.1
----------------
* Secret Music (unlocked songs) are now saved and loaded correctly. Partially fixes Github issue #34. Note that all songs are already marked as unlocked by the server - there is no need to unlock them manually. If you would like to lock them, consider using a custom MDB.
* Rewards field is now saved and loaded correctly. Fixes Github issue #34

NOTE: Rewards and secret music is saved at the end of each session, so you will see the unlock notifications one last time after updating the plugin to this version.

v1.2.0
----------------
* Fixed server error when saving profiles for two Guitar Freaks players at the end of a session. Fixes Github issue #39.
* Fixed another server error when two players are present, but only one player is using a profile.
* Added support for the "ranking" field. Gitadora will now correctly display your server ranking (based on Skill) on the post-game screen.
* "Recommended to friends" songs are now saved and loaded correctly. Since you don't have any friends, this won't be terribly useful, but it does at least provide an extra five slots for saving your favourite songs.
* Fixed "Recommended to friends" song list being incorrectly initialized to "I think about you".
* misc: Added logging for profile loading/saving when Asphyxia is running in dev mode.
* misc: Added more logging to mdb (song database) loading.
* misc: Removed some unneeded duplicate code.
* misc: Latest getPlayer() and savePlayers() API requests and responses are now saved to file when Asphyxia is in dev mode. Useful for debugging.

v1.1.1
----------------
 * fix: Error when create new profile on exchain.
 * fix: last song doesn't work correctly.
 * misc: Add logger for tracking problem.

v1.1.0
------
 * NEX+AGE Support (Not full support.)
 * Restructure bit for maintaining.
 
v1.0.0
------
 * Initial release for public

Commit message:

Fixed note scroll speed defaulting to 0.5x for newly registered profiles. Introduced several new interfaces, and refactored code to cleanup profiles.ts

gitadora@asphyxia/README.md, after:

GITADORA Plugin for Asphyxia-Core
=================================
![Version: v1.2.4](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-v1.2.4-blue)

This plugin is based on converted from public-exported Asphyxia's Routes.

Supported Versions
==================
 - Matixx
 - Exchain
 - NEX+AGE


When Plugin Doesn't work correctly / Startup Error on Plugin
------------------------------------------------------------
The folder structure between v1.0 and v1.1 is quite different. Do not overwrite plugin folder.
<br>If you encounter errors, Please try these steps:

1. Remove `gitadora@asphyxia` folder.
2. Ctrl-C and Ctrl-V the newest version of `gitadora@asphyxia`
3. (Custom MDB Users) Reupload MDB or move `data/custom_mdb.xml` to `data/mdb/custom.xml`


Known Issues
============
 * ~Information dialog keep showing as plugin doesn't store item data currently.~ (Fixed as of version 1.2.1)
 * Special Premium Encore on Nextage
   - Bandage solution is implemented. Try it.
 * Friends and Rivals are unimplemented.

Release Notes
=============

v1.2.4
----------------
* Fixed note scroll speed defaulting to 0.5x for newly registered profiles.
* Misc code cleanup. No changes expected to plugin behaviour.

v1.2.3
----------------
 * Fixed bug preventing MDB files in XML format from loading (Thanks to DualEdge for reporting this ).

v1.2.2
----------------
* Major improvements to the MDB (song data) loader. MDB files can now be in .json, .xml or .b64 format. This applies to both the per-version defaults and custom MDBs. To use a custom MDB, enable it in the web UI, and place a 'custom.xml', 'custom.json' or 'custom.b64' file in the data/mdb subfolder.
* Added several player profile stats to the web UI.
* MDB loader now logs the number of loaded songs available to GF and DM when in dev mode.
* MDB: Fixed "is_secret" field being ignored (always set to false)

v1.2.1
----------------
* Secret Music (unlocked songs) are now saved and loaded correctly. Partially fixes Github issue #34. Note that all songs are already marked as unlocked by the server - there is no need to unlock them manually. If you would like to lock them, consider using a custom MDB.
* Rewards field is now saved and loaded correctly. Fixes Github issue #34

NOTE: Rewards and secret music is saved at the end of each session, so you will see the unlock notifications one last time after updating the plugin to this version.

v1.2.0
----------------
* Fixed server error when saving profiles for two Guitar Freaks players at the end of a session. Fixes Github issue #39.
* Fixed another server error when two players are present, but only one player is using a profile.
* Added support for the "ranking" field. Gitadora will now correctly display your server ranking (based on Skill) on the post-game screen.
* "Recommended to friends" songs are now saved and loaded correctly. Since you don't have any friends, this won't be terribly useful, but it does at least provide an extra five slots for saving your favourite songs.
* Fixed "Recommended to friends" song list being incorrectly initialized to "I think about you".
* misc: Added logging for profile loading/saving when Asphyxia is running in dev mode.
* misc: Added more logging to mdb (song database) loading.
* misc: Removed some unneeded duplicate code.
* misc: Latest getPlayer() and savePlayers() API requests and responses are now saved to file when Asphyxia is in dev mode. Useful for debugging.

v1.1.1
----------------
 * fix: Error when create new profile on exchain.
 * fix: last song doesn't work correctly.
 * misc: Add logger for tracking problem.

v1.1.0
------
 * NEX+AGE Support (Not full support.)
 * Restructure bit for maintaining.
 
v1.0.0
------
 * Initial release for public
